Types of Personal Information - Name, DOB, Email, Gender, Ethnicity, Phone #, Username, Password, Allergies, SSN, Insurance, Local Pharmacy, Payment Method, Previous Surgeries, Height, Weight, Primary Care Provider, City, State, Zip,
		       		Work Phone, Preferred Language, Employer, Age, Emergency Contact, Responsible Party, Consent, Injuries, Workers Comp



Guest:

(Persona, Scenario, User Story):

Debbie, age 58, is an arson investigator in Forsyth county, a decent sized county in the north-central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. She investigates
crimes committed with fire and finds out who did them and for what reason these crimes were committed. She was born in the same state as which she works
and has moved around to various parts of the state growing up. She only has a highschool degree education and has worked her way up in the ranks through 
sheer hard work and persistance. Debbie recently fractured her foot on the job and needs an examination from a radiologist. Debbie now must have to call in, must go to the front desk, or go online into the software and get 
scheduled in by entering in her personal information. She has very little interest in the overall workings of the technology used to recieve an exam, and has a general knowledge base of technological 
experience enough to navigate through requiredpatient information collecting and scheduling systems but nothing too advanced. As a guest, she simply would like to enter in her information into a non-complex 
user interfaceand schedule and recieve an exam from the radiologist.

Front Desk Worker:

(Persona, Scenario, User Story):

Emily, age 26, is a front desk worker for her local Radiology department. She was born in Tampa, Florida, a big city located in the southern part of the state. She
accepts daily phone calls from patients, handles paperwork, insurance validation, and management of patient information. Emily is currently a junior in college
and is studying to become a physicians assistant for her career. She needs to accept phone calls and hand out patient registration forms to gather the required 
information from patients who need an examination. Emily is familiar with the workings of the user interface to enter in personal inforamtion, insurance, payment
methods, and previous medical history. She can for the most part, navigate through the interface and find the locations as to where each part of the patients
information needs to be inserted. A young guest has walked up to the front desk and has told Emily that he thinks he has broken his hand and would like an xray. 
Emily must proceed to take this young mans information into the system and submit it so that she can schedule him in for a certain time. 
As a front desk worker, Emily would like to be able to have a nicely organized interface design to be able to efficiently work
with her given information, where she can properly put each piece of info in the right place and have a clean look to the user interface, so that she can be able to navigate, find, and relay
any information back to the patient or doctor in a timely and consistent manner.
 
