Radiology Tech - 
Jeff is a 46 year old MRI Tech from New York living in Gwinette County with his wife and two sons. After graduating from technical school with a Radiology degree he decided to become a technologist with a radiology department in Georgia instead of pursuing higher education. Every morning for twenty years he has woken up at 5am to check wether he will be at an outpatient or inpatient department that day. His position as a technologist has him working in both MRI centers depending on where they schedule him. While at work over half his time is spent dealing with the patient having them fill out forms and setting them up in the MRI machine. He can’t wear any metallic jewlery or studs to work because of the MRI magnet. When the patient is ready to be scanned he opens the computer to the scanning gui and preps the MRI machine for the images on the patients order. After 30 minutes Jeff gets good images and uploads them into PACs where the Radiologist can view them. Jeff helps the patient out of the MRI chamber and sets them on their way as he calls the transporter to bring in the next patient. Jeff has been using the same RIS suite since he was trained in 1999 and while he can use it perfectly he wishes it was easier to train new techs on when they take students. 
Scenario for training students- 
As a Radiology Tech students often come in to be tutored on how to handel the department in an active environment. With a new system he wishes that a help feature was implemented for questions and that the patient concent and medical forms where tailored for the diffrent modalities where needed.


Ultrasound Tech -
Jasmine is a 27 year old Ultrasound tech living in Barrow County by herself as she focuses on paying back her student loans. She graduated from a technical school with an Ultrasound degree and decided on this carrer path because it made more money than being a midwife. Jasmine wakes up every day at 5:30 am and leaves for work to be there at 7 when the radiology department is open for day outpatients. The system she used with her training at another nearby hospital group was much newer and refined for the different modalities. Jasmine’s job requires her to be able to actively scan and read the image at the same time while doing an Ultrasound so being able to create voice logs or write a report inside the imaging system of the RIS would be great. Since Jasmine writes the radiology report herself and only need the radiologist to write off on it she thinks having the new system being able to expedite that would save alot of time in overhead and allow her to take lunch more often. 
Scenario for previous system - 
Jasmine wishes the new system being implemented would have a separate log in for the ultrasound and other radiology sub-departments. The current systems interface is covered with clutter from tools used by other Radiology departments. 
